Master, old girl,
This is Jiang Wenhe’s hair,
You take a pair of items from Su Jing, the mother of dessert, and make a golden arrow shop,
Remember this thing to look at Venus and don't invest in anyone,
Yes, sir, don’t worry, I’ll go as a parent and child.
Thank you for your gold bars at home, Xie Li,
Do you like me? Miss Gu, why are you here?
Looking back at home, saving my young mistress,
The child in the belly, what kind of classification thing,
Not to mention thanking you. There are no planets in the world,
I'm here to send you money,
As long as you help me take care of things,
For some gold bars, called a dollar,
You help me, help me, help you take care of things, for some gold bars, one dollar, you help me, help me, help you take things,
How about I give you two generations again, sister Husa?
what do you want to do
This interest-saving check
Including single form
He is eightfold pregnant
I asked you to change it to four farts
It's very simple
Time misses me, sister
Why are you doing this? I'll save it.
Brother Gu Xun
Reliable on business trips
If only it would save him the time to get pregnant
Just about four weeks
Is that proof of the image?
The child in his belly
If you look at it, it’s not Brother Gu Xun